                     QScintilla - a Port to Qt of Scintilla


INTRODUCTION

To quote http://www.scintilla.org/:

"Scintilla is a free source code editing component.  It comes with complete
source code and a license that permits use in any free project or commercial
product. 

As well as features found in standard text editing components, Scintilla
includes features especially useful when editing and debugging source code.
These include support for syntax styling, error indicators, code completion and
call tips.  The selection margin can contain markers like those used in
debuggers to indicate breakpoints and the current line.  Styling choices are
more open than with many editors, allowing the use of proportional fonts, bold
and italics, multiple foreground and background colours and multiple fonts."

Scintilla runs on Windows and on UNIX/Linux using the GTK+ GUI toolkit.

QScintilla is a port or Scintilla to the Qt GUI toolkit from Trolltech and runs
on any operating system supported by Qt (eg. Windows, UNIX/Linux, MacOS/X).  Qt
v3 or later is required.

This version of QScintilla is based on Scintilla v1.60.


LICENSING

Scintilla is released under the following license:

"License for Scintilla and SciTE

 Copyright 1998-2003 by Neil Hodgson <neilh@scintilla.org>

 All Rights Reserved

 Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
 documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
 provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
 both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
 supporting documentation.

 NEIL HODGSON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
 SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
 AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL NEIL HODGSON BE LIABLE FOR ANY
 SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
 WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
 WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
 TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE
 OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE."

QScintilla, however, uses the same license model as Qt itself.  QScintilla is
available under the GNU GPL on UNIX/Linux systems.  QScintilla is available
under a commercial license on Windows, UNIX/Linux and MacOS/X systems.  The
commercial license allows closed source applications using QScintilla to be
developed and distributed.

See the file "LICENSE" to see what license this copy of QScintilla is released
under.


INSTALLATION

Check for any other README files in this directory that relate to your
particular platform.  Feel free to contribute a README for your platform or to
provide updates to any existing documentation.

To configure QScintilla, edit the file "qscintilla.pro" in the "qt" directory.
As supplied, QScintilla is built as a shared library/DLL with thread support
enabled, and installed in the same directory as the Qt library.

To install the QScintilla library in another directory, edit the value of
"DESTDIR".  To build the library in situ (in the "qt" directory) then comment
out "DESTDIR" entirely - this will also mean that you will not need root
privileges under UNIX/Linux.

If your Qt library was built without thread support, edit the value of "CONFIG"
and remove "thread".

If you want to build a static library, edit the value of "CONFIG" and replace
"dll" with "staticlib", and edit the value of "DEFINES" and remove
"QEXTSCINTILLA_MAKE_DLL".

To build QScintilla on UNIX/Linux/MacOS, run (as root):

	cd qt
	qmake qscintilla.pro
	make
	cp qextscintilla*.h $QTDIR/include
	cp qscintilla*.qm $QTDIR/translations

If you are using the GNU C++ compiler you might want to edit "qt/Makefile" and
add "-fno-exceptions" to "CXXFLAGS" before running "make".

To build QScintilla on Windows, run:

	cd qt
	qmake qscintilla.pro
	nmake
	copy qextscintilla*.h %QTDIR%\include
	copy qscintilla*.qm %QTDIR%\translations
	copy %QTDIR%\lib\qscintilla.dll %QTDIR%\bin

Please do not try to build the GPL version of QScintilla under Windows.  It
will not work and you would be contravening the GPL.


Phil Thompson
phil@riverbankcomputing.co.uk
